we've been told to pay our taxes
meanwhile we see the billionaires of
this world having every loophole in the
system possible the wealthy have the
best accountants and the people on the
inside who can worm their way around the
taxes and make them as minimal as
possible what if you could do the same
techniques you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at the taxation system
and how there are so many loopholes you
probably didn't even know about they're
not going to show you in the mainstream
media they're not going to tell you
about this at your local accountant you
need to know the truth that's what I'm
going to bring to you today I am not
here to teach you or tell you to evade
taxes you must pay your taxes okay
everyone but if you choose not to this
is what some of the people are doing in
order to get around the system that
strangles us each and every single day
now this I'm I'm going to show you
things from the US from Canada but it
applies to most parts of the world so
you have to take what I'm using here and
then do your own searches start with a
online search and maybe you need to call
accountants maybe you need to call your
government offices and find out what it
is about your city state Province
country whatever that provides some of
the similar things that I'll talk about
today let's move on very quickly here
we're looking at this prental property
tax incentive programs okay so one of
the most criminal taxes that we
encounter are property taxes and those
are you know you think you've bought
your house and everything but you're
still paying fees every single year to
have that piece of land so there are
methods that you can get around that and
so they have one that's in Ontario as an
example here there are three ways to in
some cases get 100% of your taxes back
managed Forest tax incentive program
Farm property class tax rate program
conservation land tax incentive program
so there are a few here and for the most
part most people won't qual qualify for
these but in my idea or my ideal
scenario you would be in an area where
you have a nice big piece of land where
you have your solar panels you're
growing your own food and you have your
own area now in that plot of land you're
going to have to pay property taxes for
that but not in this case you see
there's ways around that maybe in in
this conservation land you have a
certain type of special thing that's on
that piece of land maybe it's a river
maybe it's a you know pristine view or
or a waterfall or something else well
that may qualify you to get 100% of your
tax back if you look at the managed
Forest tax incentives for example by the
way just quickly the farm uh if you make
just
$7,000 for your
farm that you have on your property
$7,000 a year you are then eligible as a
you know proper farmer and everything
else assuming all your paperwork's in
order and everything else you only have
to pay 25 % of your taxes so if you make
$7,000 which really isn't much when you
think of how much produce you can
produce with a small piece of
land you can do so with these Farms 25%
tax manage Forest tax all right so look
at this if you had a larger piece of
land uh almost 10 acres worth you could
qualify for this manage Forest tax
incentive program so you got a big piece
of land and they're basically saying
that you are going to take care of this
Forest you will monitor it and any
problems whatever that's on you and you
will get um up to 75% of that tax you
pay off that's a huge discount when you
think about that you're only paying 25%
taxes and you have a nice big piece of
land you got you know it's yours and you
can do what you want with it so I think
this is a great thing as well this is
just you know some small ideas but I
hope that you get the point there that's
some places of the world they give you
your property taxes back or a large
percentage now you're thinking I live in
Suburbia I live in a metropolis I cannot
do this well as I said in my ideal
scenario you'd be out somewhere a few
hours north of the city like this for
example so I'm going up to this is where
Cottage Country is for those who live in
Toronto or one of the areas anyway so
I'm looking at an area just sort of
south of mccoa which is where all the
the wealth seems to be for the Cottage
Country an area like Midland or or
somewhere in between there you're
looking at properties I clicked the only
thing I clicked on here was that it has
to have acreage okay so with acreage all
of these properties are available right
now today now it may not qualify for
that 10 acre tax incentive but some of
them will you can go through here and
look at the prices you're paying 200,000
300,000 let's say and you're getting
properties with acreage yes you're no
north of the city but in my opinion
that's where you want to be in the first
place so you can reduce your
your the amount you pay on a per month
basis if you choose the right property
imagine you found one that had a river
that somehow did qualify for that tax
incentive you would have 100% of your
tax back you would have a beautiful
property it's in a place that you can
manage you can take care of you would
have everything you need over there and
you're only a few hours north of the
city you can find this wherever you are
I'm sure that there are places like this
that exist so check into them for
yourself okay let's move on very quickly
here this is from the US now little
known federal tax incentive for land
conservation Don donations ranchers and
Farmers like Engel can Harvest income
tax savings on 100% of their annual
income for 16 years all other donors can
deduct up to 50% so there are ways
around this for certain people and you
know as I'll discuss in a moment perhaps
it's this next one here yes it is in
Hawaii your land could be designated as
Agricultural and you don't need to be a
farmer you just need to have fruit trees
on it which many of the properties do
you can have let's say you know a few
chickens and a few goats or something
and they're out there and you have them
sort of fenced off and that property at
least that section of it is considered
agricultural and therefore you get the
tax back on it so if most of your
property was used in that way like you
fenced it off in that way you could get
nearly all of your money back on your
taxes your property taxes so look at
that that happens to be Hawaii just I
happen to know that as an example but
this exists in more places too check it
out I assure you like I said in the the
main city big city if you're living in a
condo unfortunately you know probably
not going to qualify for that now what
about writeoffs most people they work
their 9-to-5 job they don't have any tax
writeoffs other than the little bits
that the government gives them they're
pretty much useless anyway barely barely
giving you anything but if you had a
small business on the side even one that
produces next to no income at all you
still have the ability to write off
things on your taxes talk to your
accountant or or whoever does your taxes
every year you can do this very very
simply you know
the depends on where you live your
office space what's designated as office
space that you would get back you know
on your on your taxes you would get back
your your car if you're using your car
for your business that you do you get
any supplies that you're purchasing look
you're paying for your cell phone bill
that's a tax rateof you're paying for
your cell phone bill right now but if
you had a part-time business that you
made $100 a year on you know maybe you
had you know an author you're an author
like just like I am you're able to write
off your expenses if I go to a print
shop and get my books printed out that's
an expense so therefore I get to write
that off of my expenses if I hire
somebody to do something for me that's
an expense all of that's write offs so
if you're working your 9to 5 job and
that's all you do
find a way to create a side
business and then just I won't say
anything but I'll just say and then take
advantage of the scenario all
right what about this residential
renewable energy tax credit if you have
solar panels you get tax back there are
even companies that will come to your
house that will put the solar panels on
your house and anything over and above
what the sun will produce or you're
using they will basically take it from
you right so you get the Sol panels
essentially for free and you will get
solar power now anything extra like I
said goes to them and not back to the
company so some of them you pay and then
you can actually sell your um solar back
to the Electrical Company put bringing
it back into the grid but anyway there
are tax breaks for you probably in most
places now where you get money back for
having solar panels they will give you a
very very good deal on that that
connects same with this the electrical
vehicle incentive program this happens
to be in Canada in this case but what
we're looking at here is money back on
your electric car if you drive an
electric car you get money back if
you're buying a Tesla I think it's
something along the lines of 14 or
$116,000 that you would get back on that
so they actually give you quite a big
chunk on your uh money back depending on
the car you're buying for example there
are ways there are tax incentives look
them up look up the state or city or
province that you're in and you will
find it and then right here just to
throw it in at the end the IRS has the
1031 exchange if you buy a property and
you defer those earnings that you've
made if you sell it you can defer those
earnings as long as you roll that out
onto a new property that's the 1031 I
talk about in my first book in fact and
that gives you the ability to basically
permanently defer any money that you've
been profiting from from all those
capital gains along the way you would be
able to do that in Canada it's a little
different if it's your primary residents
you do not pay uh taxes uh capital gains
tax if you've been living there for a
year so a lot of people do that and a
lot of more people I should say find
their way around that which you know
that's a different story but here are
some examples that I hope you appreciate
it I'll definitely be including all this
in a book at some point in the future
that I'll be having to write an ebook
and I just hope that you enjoyed it I
hope you found it informative I think
that this is the type of information
that people need to see people need to
hear so I hope that you would share this
this isn't my normal content as you know
so this is the type of thing that I've
wrote about in my books too so I don't
really you know I like to cover this
type of stuff I like to cover other
types of stuff I hope that it was
informative if so please give me a
thumbs up please share this on your
Facebook your Twitter your Instagram
your YouTube your Pinterest your A to Z
this is the type of information people
need to know because we are getting
taxed to death there's one thing that's
certain is that we are always going to
have more and more taxes last but not
least if you want to check out my books
the first one is about the four asset
classes and how to profit from them I
get into the 1031 exchange act and there
different assets and things you can get
then in the uh second book The the
latest book it talks about tax
incentives it talks about reducing your
monthly expenses becoming
self-sufficient solar panels and
everything else flip through the books
at Amazon links are in the description
below take care